You shut up
You country turtle
I see you know the fertilizer brand almost
You know nothing about this luxury
It seems that the mother and son do not know
Ye Qiuyan's daughter identity
Qiuyan, don't say it's useless
Night Dream is a good person
It's just that you think your dreams are like you
Give away some things that are not on the table
It says lily fragrance.
But it smells of essence
This is clearly the worst counterfeit on the market
Auntie, don't trust him.
He is a country girl
Do you know what a top perfume is?
I know you're jealous of me so you slander me
But you can't lie to Volunteer and Auntie Mengmeng
Auntie must believe you.
This little thing is 100,000
Auntie is a little reluctant to use it, auntie hahaha
You can't use this kind of unknown counterfeit casually
You who may cause skin allergies
How dare you curse me?
Xiaoyue, you can't afford this slander and change your habit again
Support I don't have
Ok don't fight for me
I'm sorry.
Chu Yan, I know you are jealous of me
If you really like it, I'll give you another bottle.
Mengmeng is still beautiful and kind-hearted
Son, you have to take good care of it
Thanks, I wouldn't dare to use this fake
You don't accompany me
Why are you slandering me?
Hey
Why are you wasting my stuff?
Do you smell it?
It says lily fragrance.
But it smells like a bad rose
It really smells like roses
Is this perfume?
I specifically found a perfumer
Customized for aunt's high-end.
So drink ordinary lily incense?
Different good boy
I have a heart, in that case
Then you can tell me.
What is the card in this box?
Pinxixi praise cashback